Update GOVERNANCE.md (#1082)
nodejs/Release: GOVERNANCE.md

* Open a PR in [nodejs/release-keys](https://github.com/nodejs/release-keys) to add their GPG key via `./cli.sh add $KEY_ID`.
* Open a PR in [nodejs/Release](https://github.com/nodejs/Release) to add themselves under the "Releasers team" heading via `ncu-team sync README.md`.
* Add them to the `#nodejs-release-private` team on the OpenJS Slack.

> * Configure git to sign all commits inside the `node` folder: `git config commit.gpgsign true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure git to sign all backport commits and release commits with the GPG key used to
  sign the releases. Consider signing all commits on your local clone, e.g. with the
  following command: `git config commit.gpgsign true`.
```
